Usage: unbted [options] [file]

Una's NBT Editor

Edit an NBT (Named Binary Tag) or NBT JSON file interactively, or print it out
in a JSON-like format for reading. Optionally convert it to well-formed JSON
for processing.

Valid options:
	-?, -h, --help
		Print this help.

	-c<method>, --compression=<method>
		Assume the given compression method, rather than autodetecting.
		Valid methods are None, Deflate, and GZip. (case-insensitive)

	-d, -v, --debug, --verbose
		Print more information and stacktraces.

	-p, --print
		Exit after printing file contents.
			(incompatible with -n)

	-n, --no-print
		Don't print out initial file contents, just edit.
			(incompatible with -p)

	--endian=<endianness>
		Assume the input is the given endianness, instead of attempting
		to detect it. Historically, Pocket Edition had little-endian
		NBT files as part of its save format, but this was replaced
		with a custom LevelDB format in 0.9.0.
		Tip: If you're attempting to read one of these files, they
		contain extra metadata at the start of the file. I wasn't able
		to obtain an example file to test with, so I did not add
		support for stripping these headers. You may attempt to strip
		them manually using dd - the entities.dat is supposed to have
		12 bytes of junk, and the level.dat is supposed to have 8.
		e.g. dd if=entities.dat of=entities.lnbt skip=12 iflag=skip_bytes
		Valid endiannesses are Big and Little. (case-insensitive)
	
	--little-endian
		Alias for --endian=little
	
	--big-endian
		Alias for --endian=big

	-j, --json
		Print out well-formed JSON instead of a human-readable
		colored format. The keys in the JSON match those in the NBT 1:1.
		Cannot be converted back to NBT; type information is lost in the
		conversion.
	
	-J, --roundtrip-json
		Print out well-formed JSON where the keys are prefixed with the
		original NBT type. Can be converted back into NBT by invoking
		unbted with the JSON file as an argument. Can also be generated
		by the save command in an unbted session.
	
	-r, --raw
		Don't infer types.

	--no-pager
		Disable use of the embedded less-like pager.
	
	-V, --version
		Print the version of unbted and exit.

Exit codes:
	0: Success
	1: Failed to parse command line
	2: Failed to load file
	3: Unexpected internal error
